From Febuary 2021 to ongoing.

Persons in a special access program have since 2015 and early 2016 forced Mr.Seidel against his will to perform actions and routines using advanced classified muscle contracture abilities. Persons with these capabilities applied them to Mr.Seidels body clandestinely . Persons set his routine from when he was awake to when he was alseep. These capabalties are used on the muscles and nerves that connect the muscles , it allows the pulsing of very low frequency electromagnetic pulses at the nerves to contract the muscles at the correct magnitude and frqequency to move the body into any anatomical position sequentially at low latency. The system can have any groups of muscles or any muscle contract indepenently . The system can be used to make a person walk around , operate equipment or tools , or even perform exercise . The system is unnoticcable because the return electrical impulse from a synthetically generated one does not follow the same physiolgical route to the brain meaning that your brain is unaware. Also inhibitor fields that pulse electromagnetic energy in the opposite direction of those action potentials are applied via pulsing VLF and ELF frequencies at the correct location to impede the normal physiological and neurolgical return impulses that your muscles produce when they move - meaning a person who is under these capabalties is unaware they the capabalties are being applied to their body. - REAL - CLASSIFIED 

Persons used these capabilities on Mr.Seidel against his will from 2015-2020 , persons forced him to sit on a website mentioned below. Persons forced him on this website and also used synthetically generated electrical activity in the brain to stimulate the brain. Persons can pulse synthetic electrical activity in the brain in the correct region to stimulate synthetic internal monologue in a person. Persons in the special access program can also record the electrical fields and magnetic fields over the brain remotely by pulsing varying high and low electromagnetic frequencies through the brain and recording the magnitude of change when they interact with the magnetic fields and electric fields off the brain as well as the induction currents formed. When the applied VLF and ELF fields return to the receiver they have interacted with the electro and magnetic fields of the brain and have changed from these fields and the induction current formed which changes the applied field. When the applied fields interact with a carrier field it changes and is detected by a long range receiver. Data can be parsed out of the information in real time about the changes in the carrier field and how it interacted with the applied field which would show information about the induction current and the already present fields of the brain. Complex physics are required to explain this which are classified. Basically the induction current and the already present fields of the brain are in the picotesla magnitude and they change the applied fields which inturn changes the carrier field. The principle of superpostion and independent component anaylsis along with complex physics that deliniate the phase and the magnitude are applied to pull out realtime vector information about the strenght of magnetic and the associated electric fields in the brain in the correct coordinate frame.Meaning that realtime information can be pulled out off the brain about the position and magnitude of the electric fields of the brain.This information has been corleated back into realtime infromation about the brain such as information about the visual cortex and auditory cortex - meaning persons with this technology can turn the subvocal speech/internal monologue that a person is thinking back into the real time "audio" and can listen to it through a headset.Persons can also do this with the real time vision your eye is seeing.Meaning that persons can reconstruct the visual field and occipital lobe electric fields 
CONT...
